Congratulations. In the first half of this lesson,
you learned the fundamentals of graph SLAM,
how a graph is constructed,
how do we evaluate the constraints,
and how graph optimization is done.
You also learned about a specialized SLAM approach, called RTAB-Map,
the importance of loop closure and how the process is
optimized using bag of words, and memory management.
We haven't fully deconstructed all of the algorithms of this complex SLAM approach,
but this knowledge will take you forward and equip you to
utilize RTAB-Map as an advanced ROS package in your projects.
You've gone through a lot of difficult content in this lesson, and we're proud of you.
In fact, we feel that you deserve a puppy.